Update travis (#40)
Sage-Bionetworks/CardiorespiratoryFitness-iOS: README.md

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE

> DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAGEBIONETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAGE BIONETWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
```
